miles and checkers Oh No thank you cool
is that you Barry exhausted okay i'll
just take yours now that's why you like
me to go oh god this guy's kicking me
out today what are you doing let's take
his I couldn't take it I'm on my side I
can't even turn why my god i get my hand
on my god i'm on my side I can't even
get drive yeah oh god he's getting out
of his car I like there might be some
kind of pile over here wait are you
gonna still life cargo I don't know try
to take this was that was why he knows
originally mine but I'm right here okay
my bingo oh I'll get mine you don't need
it you gotta get you don't need it okay
I want this one i cal'late look I need
to like go huggy you're in the way thank
you the way to Ethan though I just so
good yeah I like what are you it's over
you like gettin it like to you better oh
good luck the other that's a mushy gonna
push it uh oh that was the big boy of
the road I don't think you need this I
kind of help you uh oh good luck good
luck good luck rebuilding keep it
clapping do believe you can cook up be
free wild duck you loser it comes to
show me the comfortability I need to get
out turkey drive drive drive down da hah
look at that guy he has cargo oh god
this guy's not a love to have them come
in before you let me go off with this
hill turkey I got you oh my god oh I try
to go and do a flip with my car oh my
god a comfort is ran into me okay the
jumpers are there mmm you know what to
do turkey huh okay an oil painter
whatever guess thank you right behind
this I think if we take it with us it
might blow up in the air I want that I
want that mmm maybe I can land on time
when I call me think of you you make it
lay on top oh no too much I'm gonna top
of it and I drove off is it to us I'm
gonna blow up no you're not I don't even
know where the jump is it's like right
ahead there's so many oil tanks are you
go faster here we can refer you know we
can waking up this pill oh my god
although I landed on one oh my god okay
then the last year's is the best here
you know this is an oil tanker just
stuck right there if I can like go back
and do the jump if he stays there I got
the answer already still there he's
still there i can make this jump moving
at iris but it's nothing to ask me he's
too far out he's to all god oh god okay
well that didn't love the truck how do I
get to it I will indeed take this forget
what you want to sit down for a while I
got a beautiful right now he's gonna
they're shooting me excuse me sirs sirs
oh you're in the way yeah oh it's a
little offense oh you to hand bro ok
that's what's over you would think that
was the over it would blow up but I
didn't I they got it big shot my truck
is stuck I'm gonna blow up
okay blow up I oil take actually know
what let me go how do you think I
thought it was gonna be collateral and
like six of Allah would blow up they
didn't ok they call i click to the
bounty I'm fine about earlier okay high
five all eigen scenery like how read the
road is it's like the red red 5 the road
was painted and bled all this looks so
weird reading a picture oh look cool all
right I love that oh no you're talking
about I don't know what you're talking
about please get it you're like having
jet sex right now oh my god they just
one just mounted one think we just found
Atlantis but look at it it's like shirts